c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\obj\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\obj\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.Resources.resources
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\obj\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.pdb
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\calmdownloaderlib.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\SmallBasicLibrary.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\calmdownloaderlib.pdb
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\calmdownloaderlib.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\Debug\SmallBasicLibrary.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\obj\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\obj\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\obj\Debug\calmsbdlwrapper.pdb
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet3point5\calmsbdlwrapper.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet3point5\calmsbdlwrapper.pdb
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet3point5\calmsbdlwrapper.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet3point5\SmallBasicLibrary.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet3point5\SmallBasicLibrary.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet4point5\calmsbdlwrapper.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet4point5\calmsbdlwrapper.pdb
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet4point5\calmsbdlwrapper.xml
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet4point5\SmallBasicLibrary.dll
c:\users\alfred\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calmsbdlwrapper\calmsbdlwrapper\bin\dotnet4point5\SmallBasicLibrary.xml
